---
layout: post
title: "A Promise"
date: 2016-03-04
---

This blog post is inspired by the [blog post](http://jcrist.github.io/do-the-thing.html) by Jim Crist.

I need to do the thing. I have become the kind of person who speaks a lot, plans a lot, but almost does nothing. I'm an undergrad and sometimes collect a lot of things on my platter. Things diverse. I want to apply for GSoC and the idea I'm interested in is Code Generation. I'm late and have selected a tough idea to implement. For once in my life I'm not gonna run away from difficult things. With the help of my mentors in SymPy, I'm going to do the thing.

So, to you the internet, I promise, whether or not I'm selected, I'm gonna do this. 

Copied something from the internet:

#### [The Cult of Done Manifesto](http://www.brepettis.com/blog/2009/3/3/the-cult-of-done-manifesto.html)

* There are three states of being. Not knowing, action and completion.
* Accept that everything is a draft. It helps to get it done.
* There is no editing stage.
* Pretending you know what you're doing is almost the same as knowing what you are doing, so just accept that you know what you're doing even if you don't and do it.
* Banish procrastination. If you wait more than a week to get an idea done, abandon it.
* The point of being done is not to finish but to get other things done.
* Once you're done you can throw it away.
* Laugh at perfection. It's boring and keeps you from being done.
* People without dirty hands are wrong. Doing something makes you right.
* Failure counts as done. So do mistakes.
* Destruction is a variant of done.
* If you have an idea and publish it on the internet, that counts as a ghost of done.
* Done is the engine of more.
